MEETING NOTES


Team Meeting 9.07
WHEN: Wednesday, September 7th @ 10:00am
PURPOSE: First team meeting, set up ATTENDANCE: (every team member) Claire Thompson, Olivia Romig, Emmy Richardson, Elise
Lovell, Ron Heminway, Libby Miller (virtually) Libby is out with covid at the moment, so we called her so she could be included in our
conversation. Emmy started a GitHub repository and emailed every member of our team a link to it, then sent
out invites to each of us to be a collaborator on the repository.
We then brainstormed ideas for team names and decided roles for each person.


TEAM NAME IDEAS:
DinoDevs
REEL CO


ROLES:
Team Administrator: Claire Thompson
Assistant Team Administrator: Olivia Romig
Project Leader: Emmy Richardson
Assistant Project Leader: Elise Lovell
Technical Leader: Ron Heminway
Data Administrator/Quality Assurance Engineer: Libby Miller 

Elise then had to leave to go to a class. We have a group chat with all of our members so that we can keep in contact outside of meetings. Elise will also have these meeting notes to
reference what we discussed the rest of the meeting. We discussed which casing we want to use for our project so that everything is uniform. We
decided on snake case.
We decided on the team name 'REEL CO". I quickly made a logo corresponding to our name.
We also decided on the responsibilities for each of the team members' roles.
